Add metadata policy requirement for KV-V2 list.mdx (#21812)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/kv/kv-v2.mdx

suffixed with `/`. The input must be a folder; list on a file will not return a
value. Note that no policy-based filtering is performed on keys; do not encode
sensitive information in key names. The values themselves are not accessible via

> this command. The token used to list KV secrets must contain `metadata` in it's policy.

Reviewer: I think the wording here could stand to be improved a bit - I see a risk it will not communicate clearly to readers:

* Not all policies are token policies - granting the access via an identity policy would also be a valid way to allow listing.
* To say the policy must contain the string `metadata` is a bit imprecise. Really, it must contain a path stanza granting `list` capability on the metadata path.
* In context, `it's` is not the right grammar.

What about something along the lines of:

To list secrets in a KV v2, a user must have a policy granting them the `list` capability on this `/metadata/` path - even all the rest of their interactions with the KV v2 are via the `/data/` APIs, access to at least `list` the `/metadata/` path should typically also be granted.

?

> this command. The token used to list KV secrets must contain `metadata` in it's policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this command. 

To list secrets for KV v2, a user must have a policy granting them the list capability on this `/metadata/` path - even all the rest of their interactions with the KV v2 are via the `/data/` APIs, access to at least list the `/metadata/` path should typically also be granted.
```
